SkippedItem handling updates (#2485)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mailbox-migration/track-prevent-data-loss-dcs.md

|Grade|Description|
|---|---|
|**Perfect**|No inconsistencies noted during migration. The migration will succeed.|

> |**Good**|At least 1 inconsistency noted, but the data loss was not impactful. For example, if only metadata or folder permissions were lost during migration. The migration will succeed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Good**|At least 1 inconsistency noted, but the data loss was not impactful. For example, only metadata or folder permissions were lost during migration. The migration will succeed.|
```

Author: This statement actually applies better to the first sentence than the second.

Author: I'll separate it out into a different column for clarity as to why this is mentioned.

If the migration fails with a grade of **Poor**, you cannot force the migration to succeed. Please contact Microsoft Support for assistance.

## How to see which items were not migrated

### In the Classic Exchange admin center (Classic EAC)

> 1. In the Exchange Admin center, click **recipients**, and then click **migration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Exchange admin center, select **Recipients** > **Migration**.
```

> 1. In the Exchange Admin center, click **recipients**, and then click **migration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Exchange admin center, click **Recipients**, and then click **Migration**.
```

Reviewer: Please confirm capitalization of "Recipients" and "Migration".

Author: I copied and pasted this line from another article.  In classic EAC the titles are all lower-case.

> 2. Select the batch you would like to inspect. Click **View details** in the information pane on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the batch you would like to inspect. Choose **View details** in the information pane on the right.
```

> 3. Select the user you would like to inspect. Click **Skipped item details** in the information pane on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the user you would like to inspect. Select **Skipped item details** in the information pane on the right.
```
